hey y'all did a shadow I'm kind of sick
today but I got a father Kelly said
don't believe the hype
yeah so all those magazines they wanna
run bullshit about me kills my life tell
him I just gotta give it to you wrong
because my life is just like that
I was born in the middle of the fight
dog child I was born in the middle of a
night if your magazines you like to
write shit the bullshit you write will
never affect my spit I'm not of those
who come to seduce your wife your
daughter your sister promised them a
better life
I made you see for the people people you
hate those who fight to get food in
their plane I hate you because you're I
don't see but I'm from the driver
Abraham
we just because of black you don't know
about me it's because you're gonna bat I
just keep the flame on
I'm here pop hip-hop you thought we
won't stop I earned my respect because I
came a long way I bring my people
together like ready
you wanted while maintaining its rap
game because some people like you just
fucks the game
you bring racism you think that shit is
hip-hop I wrote those lyrics other
motherfuckers better stop maybe I
shouldn't say I'm so but I don't give a
shit I do this for the fan maybe I'm
giving you some reasons to go super game
but I'm a man and alone you know I can
stand I don't drink and I smoke now you
can see me in the club but I've been
drunk not this fake rapper from NYC now
I've been played in MTV in my own
country don't mean I don't roll
hypocrisy the game me so crazy I mean
it's like get pussy use if you teach me
I'm a district Bryce I'm a bus in this
rap shit cuz I pay the price the most
respected MC the streets of Paris I'm
ready for war but I Rowling's beat you
got a problem son come and speak to
Daddy
you rap so we give and your son doesn't
throw your daddy you last movie I got 9
improve if you can see me walking alone
cuz my
I don't think you can bother me I don't
rap for money but I can't pay you wrap
the money but you broke that's why they
say it's batteries when they speak with
you just a phantom like this bitch from
Coos Bay Kia the same I grabbed a lease
Kalashnikov
they call me Dobie Chevy feeling tipsy
scarf rolling fees but I'm ready for
warmer ground beef up gave me license to
kill Brown
I'm not your brother so never told me
nigga all my people will be ready to
pull the trigger
fuck that I don't promote a new rap I
make music for the sneakers and you ride
yeah so they told me the illest
this motherfucking building
you